RHIDP-6504: Modularize modules/dynamic-plugins/proc-topology-configure (#1065)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/proc-label-selector-query-annotation.adoc

[id="proc-label-selector-query-annotation"]

= Label selector query annotation

> You can write your own custom label, which RHDH uses to find the Kubernetes resources. The label selector takes precedence over the ID annotations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write your own custom label, which {product-very-short} uses to find the Kubernetes resources. The label selector takes precedence over the ID annotations:
```

[source,yaml]
----
annotations:
  backstage.io/kubernetes-label-selector: 'app=my-app,component=front-end'
----

> If you have multiple entities while Red Hat Dev Spaces is configured and want multiple entities to support the edit code decorator that redirects to the Red Hat Dev Spaces instance, you can add the backstage.io/kubernetes-label-selector annotation to the catalog-info.yaml file for each entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple entities while you configure Red Hat Dev Spaces and want multiple entities to support the edit code decorator that redirects to the Red Hat Dev Spaces instance, you can add the `backstage.io/kubernetes-label-selector` annotation to the catalog-info.yaml file for each entity.
```
